Complex vector spaces (#1692)
UniMath/SymmetryBookFormalization: src/elementary-number-theory/multiplication-closed-intervals-rational-numbers.lagda.md

              ( neg-ℚ⁰⁺ (nonnegative-square-ℚ q))
              ( nonnegative-square-ℚ q))
```

> ### If the lower bound of the product of `[a, b]` and `[c, d]` is positive, then `a`, `b`, `c`, and `d` are all positive or all negative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If the lower bound of the product of `[a, b]` and `[c, d]` is positive, then `[a,b]` and `[c,d]` are both positive intervals or both negative
```

Reviewer: although note that I believe this section should go in a new file

      same-sign-a-c =
        same-sign-is-positive-mul-ℚ
          ( is-positive-leq-ℚ⁺
            ( _ , is-pos-lb)
            ( transitive-leq-ℚ _ _ _ (leq-left-min-ℚ _ _) (leq-left-min-ℚ _ _)))
      same-sign-a-d =
        same-sign-is-positive-mul-ℚ
          ( is-positive-leq-ℚ⁺
            ( _ , is-pos-lb)
            ( transitive-leq-ℚ _ _ _
              ( leq-right-min-ℚ _ _)
              ( leq-left-min-ℚ _ _)))
      same-sign-b-d =
        same-sign-is-positive-mul-ℚ
          ( is-positive-leq-ℚ⁺
            ( _ , is-pos-lb)
            ( transitive-leq-ℚ _ _ _
              ( leq-right-min-ℚ _ _)
              ( leq-right-min-ℚ _ _)))
    in
      map-coproduct
        ( λ (is-neg-a , is-neg-c) →
          let
            is-neg-d =
              rec-coproduct
                ( pr2)
                ( λ (is-pos-a , _) →
                  ex-falso
                    ( is-not-negative-and-positive-ℚ (is-neg-a , is-pos-a)))
                ( same-sign-a-d)
            is-neg-b =
              rec-coproduct
                ( pr1)
                ( λ (_ , is-pos-d) →
                  ex-falso
                    ( is-not-negative-and-positive-ℚ (is-neg-d , is-pos-d)))

>                 ( same-sign-b-d)

Reviewer: That's what I originally suggested, but then I realized those preconditions can be inferred, so they are not necessary
